hi guys so today I'm doing an updated
concealer routine and I wanted to do
this so that I could rave about this new
product that I've been using and it's
the Mac prep and prime light boost and
this is just a highlighter pen it's one
of those clicky pens with the brush on
the end and this product is absolutely
amazing it just really brightens as you
can see I've seen a couple people use
this and I just loved the way it looked
in their videos so I wanted to pick it
up and try it for myself and I
absolutely love it
I have a really hard time finding
highlighters that work for me for under
the eyes because the powder ones like
the bare essentials well rested I really
feel like those highlighting powders
really settle into my fine lines and
this one does not settle at all um it's
just a really great highlighter
especially if you do have fine lines and
wrinkles it just it glides right over
those and I mean I feel like it even
makes them look less noticeable so this
really brightens up your face it makes
you look more youthful and I just cannot
get enough of this probably like to do
my concealer after I've already done my
foundation I've already done my contour
my eyes and then I like to go in with my
concealer that way if I have any fallout
I can go ahead and clean that up I'm
taking a really small concealer brush
and I'm using the Bobbi Brown corrector
in light to medium bisque and I'm just
going to apply that right in that crease
where I sort of get like darkness and
then I'm going to go ahead and bring it
into the inner corner and I like to take
this all the way up to my eyebrow and
now I'm just going to take my ring
fingers and just blend that in and now
for the fun part I'm using Mac prep in
primes light boost and this product is
amazing I'm absolutely in love with it
and it's basically like a clicky pen
with a little brush on it and there are
three shades of this this one is the
more yellow shade there's like a pink
one and then there's a darker one I
believe for darker skin so I'm just
going to take that and put that right in
that crease and then just bring it out
and then I also like to take it a little
bit past
my eye just to kind of highlight my
cheekbone same thing on this side and I
really love this because it doesn't
settle into my fine lines a lot of the
powders that are meant to be like under
eye brightener they just really settle
in my fine lines and they just
accentuate my wrinkles and this one does
not do that at all so I'm just going to
bring it down into a triangle shape and
I'm going to tap it in and then I'm
going to go ahead and use a brush this
is the let's see this is the Sedona lace
like the mini kabuki brush not sure
exactly what it's called it's an 870 I'm
just going to blend it out this brush is
amazing for blending concealer I
absolutely love it and then just take it
into the inner corner and if you need to
go back in with your foundation brush
just to blend the edges I just like to
use my Sedona lace
6:02 and then to set everything i'm
using mac's mineralize skinfinish in
natural and I'm just using a duo fiber
brush this is the smaller one from Mac
I'm just going to apply that lightly
and then I'm going to go ahead and touch
up my blush and amusing pincho peach
from Mac and I'm just going to use that
same brush
and now for a little bit of highlighter
i'm using mary lou manizer I'm just
using this very lightly the stippling
brush works perfect for that it doesn't
pick up a whole lot of product I'm just
going to apply that to the top of my
cheekbones and that is it so as you can
see the light booster just really
brightens up under the eyes it doesn't
crease which is amazing especially if
you are getting those fine lines and
wrinkles so I absolutely love it thank
you guys so much for watching and I will
see you soon bye